
The folder "userdata" contains various files that are unique
for your OIDplus installation. With a few exceptions (like this file),
the folder contents are safe from being accidentally changed or
deleted by SVN updates.

Since this folder can also contain sensitive information
like log files or a SQLite database, the access to this
directory must be restricted. Therefore, please make sure
that your webserver (e.g. Apache) does not allow access
to this directory.
If the access is not denied, please check .htaccess (for Apache),
nginx.conf (for Nginx) or web.config (for Microsoft IIS).

Various plugins can put their data in this directory.
Here is a list of typical sub-folders:


Folder "attachments"
--------------------

Currently not in use (TODO)


Folder "baseconfig"
-------------------

The folder "baseconfig" contains the file "config.inc.php" which defines
important static settings like the database connection credentials or
security keys (ReCaptcha) etc.
Setup (/setup/) will show assist you in creating this config.inc.php file.


Folder "database"
-----------------

This folder can be used to store a SQLite database.
The default database name is" oidplus.db"


Folder "logs"
-------------

Contains the file oidplus.log created by plugin "logger/300_userdata_logfile".
Having log messages stored in the log files makes
processing of data easier. For example you can use "fail2ban" to
analyze the log file and automatically ban IP addresses of networks
that try to brute force an user account password.

Make sure that oidplus.log can be written by your webserver (e.g. Apache).


Folder "resources"
------------------

This folder is used by the plugin "publicPages/500_resources"
(Section "Documents and resources")

Its contents will be merged with "res/" from the root directory.
"res/" contains the default resources which are part of the OIDplus
main installation (you shall not change or add anything to that folder),
while "userdata/resources" contains resources that you add yourself
(e.g. your impress, privacy statement, additional resources,
hyperlinks to your websites and products, etc.)

Valid contents:
- Sub folders
- *.url files (will be converted to a hyperlink in the menu on the left)
- *.html files (the HTML headline will define the title of the menu entry)
- You can define custom icons for any resource by placing the files ..._big.png and ..._tree.png


Folder "welcome"
----------------

The folder "welcome" contains the file "welcome.html",
which is the front page shown by the plugin "publicPages/000_objects".
You may edit this file to overwrite the default welcome page.
Please note:
- Since userdata/ is a protected directory,
  you cannot place resources (images, css etc.) there.
- Although the file extension is ".html", it may only contain plain
  HTML data (without head or body).
